What is the biggest landmark of Switzerland? I don’t know the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa. It’s correct. The Leaning Tower of Pisa is in Paris. The Leaning Tower of Pisa is in Switzerland. Why is it called the Leaning Tower of Pisa? Do you know? No, have you ever seen how the word pizza is written? Hello Hello. Are you from Russia? I am originally from Rostov. But I’m 18 years old. I live in California in 2 years it will be the twentieth from what city we are from Bashkiria Oh my father is from Salavat Well wow Cool It’s not far from Ufa Yes my father is Bashkort my father is Bashkort Mom is Tatar and cool who are you we are Bashkirs Cool you are 18 years yes Yes, I understand, I’m teaching anthropology now at the University of Sacramento. Wow, where were you born? You say in Rostov, it turns out the father uh, he studied, he went when he was in Salavat. Yes, he was born, he went to Rostov. Under the Soviet Union, to study like that because the university is under the Union directed and my mother She’s from Bugulma Tatarstan, maybe you know the city like this, she also studied in Rostov and they actually lived together and met each other Well, that’s how they got married and stayed in Rostov to live because they gave out apartments there and I was born there yeah And wow Cool Cool on who you study Tatar Bashkir no we have a school they get the Soviet Union then Maybe in Bashkortostan it was still possible Yes, we somehow didn’t welcome speaking in a non-Russian language, they just laughed there, they made fun of Why are you not Russian Well, yes, like, Let’s talk in our way and that’s all That’s why Uh-huh that’s the father Well, I tried so that we don’t advertise it [music] as Russian because in my group there were also two Tatars, they also signed up like Russians in the class And the last name is like yours Thea’s name is Rustam And the surname Khadi, maybe you know someone with that surname, the surname Bashkirskaya was just interesting. And my mother Gainulina, who is Lin Aza, do you know Kato around the World Cup, do you communicate? It’s just about life, who do you study for [applause] let’s go Well, I wanted law enforcement since childhood authorities Well, you understand what kind of law enforcement agencies we have in Russia Well, I’ve only now begun to understand Yes, because you know this when you watch films Yes, you’ll seem to be there an investigator there Commissioner skating for the truth Yes, and then you get there and understand yes, well, I have that Dad, it’s just that he studied at law school, too, well, the MVS Academy was then under the Union and he worked as a investigator, in short, he told me, no legal ones, not in any government structure. Go work here, it’s all dirt. They’ll tell you to put this man in prison, and what will you do, you write is it true, or will they say, like, tomorrow you won’t work, tomorrow you’ll go to jail. That’s how this whole prosecutor’s office is, and that’s how you feel right now, what course are you already in, the third last third, that’s how you feel in the third year as to who you’ll be working with, well, I don’t plan to specialties And who will you try? Well, in what field? Yes, I don’t know yet. And how much scholarship you have there now, which will be in demand? And we are paid workers. And how much is the salary in Russia now? Bash, how much is 18 rubles? here are your parents How much salary do they get Well, my mother is self-employed Well 70 doesn’t work out 700 dollars is at least somehow for Russia Yes and dad Dad Well he used to work in a mine now he has sick leave But before it was 250 And now it’s ra now he doesn’t work, his disability is open ses And how much for disability platt 15,000 in my opinion 16 he got disability at the mine Yes, he has the same disability pension 16,000 rubles - that’s 160 dollars Yes, it’s terrible and you know, I’m just looking at Bashkartastan Tatarstan they have there's so much oil gas there's a ton of resources Yes, and people get damn so poorly It's just cruel Why is it like this in Russia Why Moscow has always interested me too, why Moscow has neither gas nor oil and diamonds lives There, in general, everything is in chocolate so that in Moscow you can say that there the salary will be there or 16,000 Yes, they laughed, they won’t talk to you But Speak They’re all damn there in the clubs, they drink smoothies shorter than coffee Yes, they also take all these resources from our republics Yes, I’m just looking at Bashkartastan in the same place Bashneft is now state-owned or so Bashkortostan remained. I don’t know. By the way, it’s just that taxes come from it, they go to Moscow, everything goes to Moscow, everything goes to Moscow, yes. So, for example, the United Arab Emirates Yes, a small country has oil, in short, they live in chocolate, they just do whatever they want in the desert, make themselves a paradise, Bashkartastan Tatarstan has oil shorter than damn And everything from Moscow is taken away Yes, we have something like that in Rostov, too, a tower that Bashneft is a state company Yes, everything for Moscow was taken Yes, in Rostov, it also turns out that it’s like a city with a population of over a million, but all the money goes to Moscow, all the money goes to Moscow they go and there is no end in sight to this Yes, because in Moscow everything is everything or Well, I wouldn’t call it the Elite, you know If this is which this is not the Elite the elite - This is the smartest one there this is the Elite like that Well, you understand about whom Well, like the bosses who think of themselves as the elite, like that, yes Oh, damn, have you already gone to the polls No yet Yes, who to vote for So at least against there or also not yet How is it in California in California Speak in California Yes, the girls on the beach are just a blast I have a salary look Compare I am a university teacher I teach anthropology Yes at the University of Sacramento I have a small salary I think it’s small 99,000 dollars a month that’s 900,000 rubles in Russian money Well, somehow you can live a fun life True, with such a salary Well, it depends on what the price tags are there Well, look at the price tags, look at our phones are cheaper than in Russia, cars are cheaper than in Russia, the products are almost the same As in Russia Well, look, if I get You, you have no idea What prices should be to spend 900,000 rubles True Well, yes That’s how it is I still have a small salary. Do you understand that in Russia, for a University employee to buy a car for himself without taking a bribe? Yes, this is some kind of Space. How many years does it take to collect, but in America we have Even these unemployed people who receive benefits have a car, but you have a car, there are no cars yet Since you were old, you’ve been planning to buy yourself a car. Well, I’m just learning to get my license. In the near future I’m already planning. Well, the next one is How many? Year two three five less than a year I hope less than a year. How much does the car you want to buy cost? Like, well, like the first car, you probably don’t need any new Well, yes Well, it doesn’t matter Which one you want to buy which Well, 200 rubles 200,000 rubles 200,000 rubles 2,000 dollars is what you want to buy for 2,000 dollars Which Lada car is a used Lada because it’s new, yes it’s cool, that is, you, as a student, now dream of buying a used one Lada at least yes Well yes here are the prospects Yes Russia Why do our students dream of a used one since few people need a new one Lada it’s true it’s a tinny car but it’s sad Yes but how will you earn money on this Lada I can’t do whoever you want to work with understand, well, as a student, some kind of part-time job Well, you will graduate from university, who do you want to work there to earn money on a used Lada? No, I don’t dream In life Oh, just like that Well, that’s how the first ma is the first goal Yes, dreaming is the first goal for now bye I I’m studying and so on And what do you need a Lada for? That’s why you need this used Lada car, what are you going to do with it? Well, it’s like, well, I just like it, for example, this car looks like. I want to do it, and so on. Why take the girls for a drive somewhere? Yes on a Lada yes Well maybe Well yes Because when you're with a car you're already cool like you understand not just like you're driving a truck Yes you can drive up there like that Hey baby let's go to the beach now somewhere there she Wow let's go right away Status your Dafa used one will increase, I don’t know, I don’t have a second-hand Lada or the girls there are different. Like the cool girls there are, in short, there are imported cool new cars. Yes, the average ones are already for imported used ones. And those who are left are already named to jump into the White Lada, yes, maybe Well we live in such a small town, I understand you’re just not scared of driving a girl around in a used Lada, in short, she’ll fall apart, well, not a Lada, but a girl. You, when did you drive a used Lada, even in a new one? Yes, it shakes; in short, there’s such depreciation there, it’s just tough. Well, I don’t plan to here to buy Well, the whole rotten one is falling apart, plus minus a whole one to deal with it Shumka and so on and so on, and also to deal with that sound insulation is all about shoes, that is, I understand that you will buy a Lada for two thousand bucks Yes, for 200,000 rubles and in short you will invest a lot in it of his working time Yes, in order to somehow put it in order Yes, well, I will enjoy working on my car, I understand Well, if it’s a thrill then yes Super Cool and the second kid who is studying to be a lawyer is also a lawyer Are you going to work as a lawyer or is he also wandering around? I don’t know. So what don’t you know? You see what is being done there in this state system. And what is your dream of buying a Lada for a car? The standard scheme for Russia is for you, well, to break in the girls, and then you can buy a better car, it’s cool and you'll also be rummaging around in it There's a lot of troubleshooting to figure out the sound insulation, well, not so much And who will be that you'll go to a friend's Well, to come and repair it's the money that's also standing in the garage in the garage to go sit together, it's cool Why here in California Yes, for example, children here I have a friend, yes, Elena, her son dreamed about Moon when he bought it, he was happy, he was just beaming, why are the guys in Bashkortostan, the richest region Yes, with oil And so on they dream about a used Lada, and the guys in California dream about a Mustang, well, I’m not saying Well how he dreams as the goal of my life as the first car I wouldn’t refuse a used Lada Yes, that’s a dream a dream I have a Mercedes Eshka, what kind of Mercedes Eshka is this, 2012 how much does it cost m depending on AMG not AMG liter I don’t know tell me how much AMG or not mg How much does it cost Well, the usual Well, such forgiveness I think three or four 34 of which a million million I understood that is, 30,000 dollars is like a dream, like yes it turns out Well, even the goal Yes, is it new or used, do you want such models, I don’t produce such models either And you want a used one And what kind is it I think they stopped producing them in the sixteenth year. Uh-huh. That is, you understand. It’s cool you have a car, and what a Toyota Land Cruiser 200, it’s like the second car, what a Kruzak, the first Gelik, the first Gelik, I took it, as a teacher, I can show off and drive something like that. Yes, we just have one car It happens that you drive one car, you want to travel to travel there out of town, you can take one car there, drive a second one, we can afford to lease it, we also didn’t think about moving somewhere to America, it’s possible. But look realistically. Let’s see. Do you even understand the scale of this money? you could buy for 900,000 Here is my monthly salary as a simple teacher at the University of Sacramento 900,000 rubles with your money 99,000 dollars you can now tell where you would spend a month, it’s time for what you would spend 900,000 rubles on if it were, well, just 900,000 at once or if it were every month, every month If you had 900,000 rubles, what would you do, probably put it aside to begin with? Well, of course, you would spend it on life on jelly on food so that you can make money. So that you can eat with that kind of money that you need to eat for 900,000 Well, a lot of rubles are spent on food, in fact, if it’s beautiful. Well, go to restaurants and so on. You can easily spend it, I think, well, that is, if you received 900,000 rubles now, you would go to restaurants like that. Well, I wouldn’t go, but I was if it were possible, yes, I wouldn’t Well, let’s do this Imagine Yes, imagine So, from today you receive 900,000 rubles a month, today you received the first payment and every day for the rest of your life you will have 900,000 rubles of inflation, there will be no inflation That’s what you’re doing Describe how you’re going to get them spent I would probably take a loan if I was sure that this income would be passive, you would take a loan Yes, I don’t understand what you would take a loan for. Well, I would send it somewhere and buy it for her. Well, probably a house somewhere in the south, Yeah, and then you would I took out a loan for my mother so that she could live in a house in the south and with these 900,000 rubles I paid off this loan and then it’s cool. And in the south, this is where, well, maybe I don’t want to send it to another wound, of course, it’s scary, well, the south is Sochi Novorossiys Well, where Yes, wherever you wanted your mother to live out her old age, like in a house, probably in Sochi this is the most normal city. And in Sochi, where like there you would buy her a private house, an apartment like a private house, of course it’s so good, you took out a loan and bought your mother an apartment like in Sochi, which I would provide even further would provide for her so that she wouldn’t work there anymore, but I don’t know if I have housing for myself. Well, I’d probably take a car too. I understand then it’s possible. Well, something like that, you need a Gelik crossover, too, probably next. Why do you want this? You tell me it’s scary to send your mother to another country Why is it scary? We’re not scared in Sochi. For example, Finland or Croatia, I haven’t been to know what’s happening. So I won’t be able to fly to her so often and so on. Why can’t you? Well, I would study with me you will also have a salary of 900,000 rubles a month, you can take it and fly to her every weekend for coffee, I don’t know, I wouldn’t go. If I were to move with her, I would probably go to the USA. Yes, I would move with her, but I wouldn’t send her And why do you say something like, you say I’ve never been abroad, but you didn’t even say I would Travel Like you, if you received 900,000 rubles Yes, you didn’t even get it in your head That I would Travel, for example, around the world, look there Here I looked 5-10 countries Well, I would travel, of course, not without that. I really want to visit Canada in Switzerland. Why in terms of Why Switzerland Well, I like the landscape landscape of Switzerland, well, I like Switzerland. What geographical objects of Switzerland do you know? I don’t know anything interesting. Well from landscapes what is this What mountain in Switzerland what lake do you like I don’t know anything What city of Switzerland do you know I don’t even know the capital I don’t know what do you know about Switzerland except the word Switzerland that it has a flag in the form of a plus sign so super First fact about Switzerland come on let’s pick some five interesting ones Well, it’s not just interesting that they produce good watches by hand Well let it be that Everything is probably the same as the language of communication in Switzerland, mm English, probably Swiss, they have their own language Well, yes, the expected country in Switzerland is the Swiss language So what else everything What is the biggest landmark of Switzerland Well, I don’t know the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa is correct The Leaning Tower of Pisa is correct for what is the efile in Paris The Leaning Tower of Pisa in the doorman And why is it called the Leaning Tower you know no, you once saw how the word pizza is spelled in non-Russian pizza so with two for that yeah Because the Leaning Tower of Pisa is in the shape of a pi pita, if you look at it from above from a drone Yes, it’s in the shape of a pizza, it’s called Pisa in Swiss The Leaning Tower of Pisa is so round okay Yes, I understand, but here’s a question for you, what else prevented you and your mother from going earlier border somewhere to rest Well, it all comes down to money, but the cooler question is who is to blame that in your country people have so little money Well, we all know the answer who [music] who I won’t say I mean, it’s not like you’re afraid of something else how not to be afraid, we don’t have any democracy, I understand Well, okay, it’s not me, I’m not against it, I just go if it’s scary, it’s better, but suddenly a friend listens to you and says, yes, you don’t trust him, it’s cunning, and at least they don’t send you to war, where to go to war. At least you’re not They’re sending Well, while we’re still studying, we’ll be forced into the army in a year, I don’t know, damn, you’re not afraid that they’ll throw you away. Well, they won’t throw you away, but they can send you somewhere to the border in the Kursk region. And they’ll come there from Ukraine. Yes, there is such a thing. I’d like to serve. Yes, we have a nephew of our neighbor in Rostov, he is also a conscript in the Kursk region on the border, just stand here, in short, they trampled the Ukrainians, captured them, and only recently exchanged them. So, yes, there is such a thing. Be careful, how do you feel about this war in general? By the way, you think how Crimea should go to whom as a result of all these movements who Kyiv Crimea Crimea and I don’t know Well Crimea should stay with who Donetsk Lugansk I don’t know And why do you think that’s how you are, a young man do you think is why this whole war started in the first place? Well, as we were told in colleges and so on, we are the same so that Ukraine does not join NATO. Well, what do you think, not what they told you in the media in college? But yours is your decision. What do you think? Why Ukraine and Russia are at war Why did the war start for the sake of money for the sake of money laundering, purely my opinion Yes, I think so too, to be honest Because you know, money is taken from your mother, taken from you and rushed to war, rushed to the war by this whole minister and so on Yes, but people live poorly they only remember about people when they need to be abandoned [music] Yes, it’s sad, too, I don’t know how it all works And when will all this be sorted out by my dad? that he’s such a Putinist, he’s just being rude, he’s saying that you need to hit a nuclear bullet there, damn it, I’m saying everything, Dad, your pension is 18,000 rubles and you, in short, you worked all your life for the state So Okay, let’s move on, thank you So who was I now dad Bashkort mom Tatar from Rostova, yes, like piska, comment, write on th Instagram I don’t know for what, for what, so that there is marvel at the office and for you, tse about yes or three clicks Ale ti trimae me and I will say in me there A bunch of fouls and in me I will be cool set up ro no kru video write nay instag pok Andriy like this, let me check for you